****
### What is STL?
---
- C++ has a low execution time as compared to other languages. 
- So makes STL very efficient because that it contain a vast variety of data structures
- The Standard Template Library (STL) is a set of C++ template classes to provide common programming data structures and functions such as: **lists, stacks, arrays, etc.** 
- It's basically a library of container classes, algorithms, and iterators
### STL Containers Types 
---
Containers: 
- The STL provides a range of containers, such as vector, which can be used to store and manipulate data.
- we can classify them into 3 group :
	**Sequence Containers**
	*Sequence containers implement data structures that can be accessed sequentially*
		»array
		»vector
		»deque
		»forward_list
		»list
	**AssociativeContainers**
	*Associative containers implements sorted data structures that can be quickly searched (log(n))*
		»Set
		»Map
		»Multiset
		»multimap
	**Unordered associative containers**
	*Unordered associative containers implement unsorted  (hashed) data structures that can be quickly serched (worst case complexity o(n))*
		»unordered_set
		»unordered_map
		»unordered_multiset
		»unordered_multimap
		
### Containers Adapters
---
Containers Adapters provide a different interface for *Sequential containers*
- stack: adapts a container to provide a LIFO data structure
	**Métodos clave:**
	- `push()`: inserts an element at the top of the stack.
	- `pop()`: inserts an element at the top of the stack.
	- `top()`: Returns a reference to the element at the top of the stack.
- queue: adapts a container to provide FIFO data structure
	**Principal Methods:**
	- `push()`: Insert an element at the final of the queue.
	- `pop()`: delete the elemento at the front of the queue.
	- `front()`: return the element at the front of the queue.
	- `back()`: return a reference to the element at the final of the queue.
- priority_queue

